Dataset/README.md, before:


- PISA-Prompt: this is the default PISA prompts. If you'd like to use our dataset, please use this directly.
- BasicPrompt: this is the Basic Prompt used in Prompts Ablation Study in our paper (see the Supp. doc).
- MinimumPrompt: this is the Minimum Prompt used in Prompts Ablation Study in our paper (see the Supp. doc).

![](../resources/result_prompt_ablation.png)
> The prompts ablation study results (Table 10 in the paper)


<br/><br/>
:smiley: Please note that only validation sets of three sub-sets (CT, ECL, SG) are provided as PISA examples during the submission period.

:relaxed: After the acceptance decision notification, the full PISA dataset (including train/val/testing sets) will be uploaded here and publicly available.

:hand: We strongly recommend users to register [SafeGraph Data for Academics](https://www.safegraph.com/academics) to know more about SafeGraph Data.



NOTE!!
PISA_Plus_Multistep_examples includes the prompts for prediction multistep ahead setting. This setting will be included in the next version of PISA (PISA+). You can ignore this if you want to evaluate your model on PISA. We will also upload the whole PISA+ in the near future.

Commit message:

Added link for train/validation sets

Dataset/README.md, after:


- PISA-Prompt: this is the default PISA prompts. If you'd like to use our dataset, please use this directly.
- BasicPrompt: this is the Basic Prompt used in Prompts Ablation Study in our paper (see the Supp. doc).
- MinimumPrompt: this is the Minimum Prompt used in Prompts Ablation Study in our paper (see the Supp. doc).

![](../resources/result_prompt_ablation.png)
> The prompts ablation study results (Table 10 in the paper)


<br/><br/>
:smiley: Please note that only validation sets of three sub-sets (CT, ECL, SG) are provided here. For the train/validation sets, please find them [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1s9BIy36M6_G2TN7Kb1vdweyqEARtEfU5?usp=drive_link)!

:relaxed: After the acceptance decision notification, the full PISA dataset (including train/val/testing sets) will be uploaded here and publicly available.

:hand: We strongly recommend users to register [SafeGraph Data for Academics](https://www.safegraph.com/academics) to know more about SafeGraph Data.



NOTE!!
PISA_Plus_Multistep_examples includes the prompts for prediction multistep ahead setting. This setting will be included in the next version of PISA (PISA+). You can ignore this if you want to evaluate your model on PISA. We will also upload the whole PISA+ in the near future.
